hi everybody the end of day 80 still got
some ringing in my ears well a lot of
ringing in my ears oh and some permanent
hearing loss in my right here awesome
okay so well I'm hoping that the ringing
goes the way I guess with some people it
doesn't go away daddy a bad thing I
don't I don't need that cross you manage
for me eyes I see here
I just woke up from a nap so pretty
tired it was forgot to make my video
tonight today I ate like a normal person
but now I overtly oral pay for the trip
on
for the trip on sunday so I'm sorry good
well
ok
Oh
I look like crap boy anyways I planet
carrying hot dogs with hand tuna fish on
the way up there were back biking is
going to be 0 freeze dried food food and
not so what not so we'll be eating when
I'm backpacking in between I should be
keeping a healthy even if I go out to
eat I planned pretty much siccing Deb
salads and whatnot today Wade 197 but it
probably killed that today without the
more normal eating so I'm never been
because my whole situation with here and
not exactly uh pass the mood right now
choke a bitch
yes it sounds really good
sirak a leg